addContextMenuItem v=sso
addOptionsMenuItem v=ssos
batteryCheckPresent i=v
batteryGetHealth i=v
batteryGetLevel i=v
batteryGetPlugType i=v
batteryGetStatus i=v
batteryGetTechnology i=v
batteryGetTemperature r=v
batteryGetVoltage r=v
batteryStartMonitoring v=v
batteryStopMonitoring v=v
bluetoothAccept v=s
bluetoothConnect b=ss
bluetoothGetConnectedDeviceName s=v
bluetoothMakeDiscoverable v=i
bluetoothRead v=i
bluetoothReadLine v=v
bluetoothReadReady b=v
bluetoothStop v=v
bluetoothWrite v=s
cameraCapturePicture o=sb
cameraInteractiveCapturePicture v=s
cancelRepeating v=s
checkAirplaneMode b=v
checkBluetoothState b=v
checkNetworkRoaming b=v
checkRingerSilentMode b=v
checkScreenOn b=v
checkWifiState b=v
clearContextMenu v=v
clearOptionsMenu v=v
contactsGet o=a
contactsGetAttributes a=v
contactsGetById a=ia
contactsGetCount i=v
contactsGetIds a=v
dialogCreateAlert v=ss
dialogCreateDatePicker v=iii
dialogCreateHorizontalProgress v=ssi
dialogCreateInput v=sss
dialogCreatePassword v=ss
dialogCreateSeekBar v=iiss
dialogCreateSpinnerProgress v=ssi
dialogCreateTimePicker v=iib
dialogDismiss v=v
dialogGetInput v=sss
dialogGetPassword v=ss
dialogGetResponse s=v
dialogGetSelectedItems a=v
dialogSetCurrentProgress v=i
dialogSetItems v=a
dialogSetMaxProgress v=i
dialogSetMultiChoiceItems v=aa
dialogSetNegativeButtonText v=s
dialogSetNeutralButtonText v=s
dialogSetPositiveButtonText v=s
dialogSetSingleChoiceItems v=ai
dialogShow v=v
forceStopPackage v=s
generateDtmfTones v=si
geocode a=rri
getCellLocation s=v
getClipboard s=v
getDeviceId s=v
getDeviceSoftwareVersion s=v
getInput v=ss
getIntent s=v
getLastKnownLocation o=v
getLaunchableApplications a=v
getLine1Number s=v
getMaxMediaVolume i=v
getMaxRingerVolume i=v
getMediaVolume i=v
getNeighboringCellInfo s=v
getNetworkOperator s=v
getNetworkOperatorName s=v
getNetworkType s=v
getPackageVersion s=s
getPackageVersionCode s=s
getPassword v=ss
getPhoneType s=v
getRingerVolume i=v
getRunningPackages a=v
getScreenBrightness i=v
getScreenTimeout i=v
getSimCountryIso s=v
getSimOperator s=v
getSimOperatorName s=v
getSimSerialNumber s=v
getSimState s=v
getSubscriberId s=v
getVoiceMailAlphaTag s=v
getVoiceMailNumber s=v
launch v=s
log v=s
makeToast v=s
notify v=ss
onRingerSilent v=s
phoneCall v=s
phoneCallNumber v=s
phoneDial v=s
phoneDialNumber v=s
pick o=s
pickContact o=v
pickPhone s=v
postEvent v=ss
pulseGeneratorGetHz r=v
pulseGeneratorGetHzSamples i=v
pulseGeneratorGetLeftPulseMs i=v
pulseGeneratorGetLeftPulsePercent r=v
pulseGeneratorGetLeftPulseSamples i=v
pulseGeneratorGetRightPulseMs r=v
pulseGeneratorGetRightPulsePercent r=v
pulseGeneratorGetRightPulseSamples i=v
pulseGeneratorIsPlaying b=v
pulseGeneratorRun v=v
pulseGeneratorSetHzPercent v=i
pulseGeneratorSetLeftPulsePercent v=i
pulseGeneratorSetRightPulsePercent v=i
pulseGeneratorStop v=v
pulseGeneratorToggleInverted v=v
pulseGeneratorTogglePlayback v=v
pulseGenteratorSetHz v=r
readBatteryData s=v
readLocation o=v
readPhoneState o=v
readSensors o=v
readSignalStrengths o=v
receiveEvent o=v
recognizeSpeech s=sss
recorderCaptureVideo v=srb
recorderStartMicrophone v=s
recorderStop v=v
requiredVersion b=i
scanBarcode o=v
scheduleAbsolute v=srb
scheduleInexactRepeating v=rsb
scheduleRelative v=srb
scheduleRepeating v=rrb
search v=s
sendEmail v=ssss
sensorsGetAccuracy r=v
sensorsGetLight r=v
sensorsReadAccelerometer a=v
sensorsReadMagnetometer a=v
sensorsReadOrientation a=v
setClipboard v=s
setMediaVolume v=i
setRingerVolume v=i
setScreenBrightness v=i
setScreenTimeout v=i
smsDeleteMessage b=i
smsGetAttributes a=v
smsGetMessageById o=ia
smsGetMessageCount i=bs
smsGetMessageIds a=bs
smsGetMessages o=bsa
smsMarkMessageRead i=a
smsSend v=ss
startActivity v=sssob
startActivityForResult o=ssso
startInteractiveVideoRecording v=s
startLocating v=ii
startSensing v=i
startTrackingPhoneState v=v
startTrackingSignalStrengths v=v
stopLocating v=v
stopSensing v=v
stopTrackingPhoneState v=v
stopTrackingSignalStrengths v=v
toggleAirplaneMode b=b
toggleBluetoothState b=b
toggleRingerSilentMode b=b
toggleWifiState b=b
ttsIsSpeaking b=v
ttsSpeak v=s
vibrate v=i
view v=sso
viewContacts v=v
viewHtml v=s
viewMap v=s
waitForEvent o=si
wakeLockAcquireBright v=v
wakeLockAcquireDim v=v
wakeLockAcquireFull v=v
wakeLockAcquirePartial v=v
wakeLockRelease v=v
webViewShow v=sb
wifiDisconnect b=v
wifiGetConnectionInfo o=v
wifiGetScanResults a=v
wifiLockAcquireFull v=v
wifiLockAcquireScanOnly v=v
wifiLockRelease v=v
wifiReassociate b=v
wifiReconnect b=v
wifiStartScan b=v
